oh yeah
way better
modular power supplies are certainly
nothing new but
sea sonic has put
a bit of a different spin on it this
is the seasonic connect
one clean solution
and unlike other modular power supplies
which have
the psu itself and then a bunch of
connectors on it
this one
ah
comes out of the phone like that what
what this video checking out the connect
is brought to you guys by seasonic
[Music]
on the surface everything looks normal
this is a 750 watt power supply it's 80
plus gold certified just like sea
sonic's prime gx it's got their hybrid
mode for the fan so the fan will
actually stop turning under low load and
it's got a 140 millimeter fan but
that's actually where things get
interesting that 140 millimeter fan is
taking up the entire surface you see
look how short
this thing is
also how short this cable is so just
like older non-modular power supplies
the cable is hardwired into the unit but
that's all you've got
not even a full 24 pin atx power
connector and then whatever this is you
know this looks just like the old 20 pin
motherboard power connector but
if you plugged this into one of those
boards it would definitely kill it let's
have a look at what else is in the box
so there's those funky magnets i found
before
ah
wow those are super strong magnets these
got to be rare earth magnets
oh yeah and that's how they crack and i
did say this was a modular power supply
so here's our bag of modular cables
nothing unusual about a bunch of modular
cables and a modular power supply
except look at this
so here's our 24 pin power connector but
it's a little baby one
and it doesn't go in anywhere here
ah
that
is where this comes in so what seasonic
has done here
is they have included most of the usual
things you would find in a power supply
except instead of doing the dc to dc
conversion that is already industry
standard where your power supply will
take the ac mains power and just convert
it to 12 volt dc power and then derive
any other voltages 5 volt 3.3 volt from
that now older power supplies used to
actually take mains power and convert it
separately for each voltage but this way
ended up being more efficient and with
cleaner output
so what they're doing then is they're
doing basically that but they're doing
the 12 volt to other voltages conversion
elsewhere
basically here's how it goes down your
power supply goes in
this weirdo 20 pin goes into the bottom
of the connect here
and then there's also this little doodad
that goes in a little something like
that
all down this side we've got our
motherboard power couple pci express for
graphics and a handful of ide or sata
plugs and then over here we've got these
two plugs which would go right up to
your cpu power and then one more
peripheral one
so basically the idea is you're taking
that conversion and then you're running
much smaller wires for a much cleaner
look at the back of your case
that all sounds fine and good in theory
but is this even going to fit in
anything
we can do this right andy secure my ocd
yeah i know right
so say sonic
has validated cases
but
we're all about making things
interesting so instead
we grabbed taryn's old editing
workstation that he's been having some
trouble with
and we're going to try and cure the
cable clutter on the back of a tempered
glass case this system was originally
built about three years ago before the
concept of rgb light daisy chaining had
really been introduced and back when
power supplies still all had their
cables plugged in at the bottom like you
know like cavemen
so let's see what we can do
there honestly might not be much we can
do about the rgb wiring but i'm going to
be curious to see
how much cleaner if at all this looks
without so much power supply wiring so
i'm gonna unplug everything from this
side feed it back through
24 pin for the motherboard
oh you've got to be kidding me
did not think that one through
the four pin and the eight pin for the
motherboard are covered by this aio
water cooler guess we're taking the
whole thing apart
and of course these builds were the one
time that we put all eight screws in a
radiator
out with the old power supply
and maybe a little bit of dusting is in
order
we didn't specifically pick this case
because it's listed as compatible in
fact as far as i know it's not but we
did pick something that we thought would
have a chance of being compatible
because the cable comes out on this side
you can see obviously if we had to mount
our power supply with the fan side up
it wouldn't be able to reach and you
could run into similar issues if you had
a case with a top mounted power supply
for example i really gotta wonder what
this design costs them in added
materials does it gain them back in
shorter runs at lower voltages
maybe the whole point really just is
it's tidier looking
well i'll be the judge of that that is
pretty clean there's like
nothing there
of course we do still need to put this
in here so compatibility wise it's about
two centimeters thick so as long as you
have that much room on the back your
motherboard tray and enough
uninterrupted space to mount it you
should be good to go now
this one has a bit of a fold-out lip
around the back of the cpu cutout but i
still think we should be able to make it
work that's where our magnets come in a
little bit of feedback for the buys back
at seasonic if these pads could be
pre-applied doesn't take that long but
it would be a little bit faster to
install that is really tight but we did
manage to get it in there so i'm gonna
pop this off
let's finish the install
you know what i'm kind of tempted to do
is just
nibble this a little bit normally i
wouldn't recommend this to install a
power supply but
hey we gotta have our fun
[Music]
oh yeah
way better
starting with the 24 pin everything
plugs in the way you would normally
expect on a modular power supply this
bad boy is gonna go here
okay this one right here and then this
goes
straight over to the other side
now our cpu connectors go right here and
then over to the other side actually
working exactly as intended so far
that's good plenty of time for this to
go south later though
what else we got
so our rgb controller needs a sata power
and then there's another led thing down
in the bottom that needs say to power
and well that's that's about it ain't it
this has actually been pretty painless
i'm already putting the aio back in
now we just need to deal with all these
fan cables
you know what that's not actually bad if
we can get everything contained like
that i do like the magnetic mounting
because it means if you need to route
something under it you just pick it up
and then put it back down that's pretty
cool so there's one of our rgb
connectors
here's another rgb connector
so many rgb connectors that's fine i
think up so much for two and a half inch
drives see ya it was nice knowing you
i'm just trying to get my cable tie back
through the loop
come on
see it
just need the right tool for the job
that's me
now for the big test does it close
without mashing it shut
awesome
got it
obviously i knew what we were getting
into going into the video but i'm still
surprised at how much cleaner that looks
we did this whole thing start to finish
in just about an hour didn't we andy
that's not bad for a component swap like
that and
cable management
even though we don't have the cover
anymore i actually think it looks
cleaner without it see this cover used
to be there so it's actually kind of
similar looking theoretically that's
plugged in
oh hey it's got lighting too look at
that
not bad did somebody pre-configure this
system for me so the lighting would
match apparently this isn't rgb so that
is something to watch out for however if
you happen to be super into the blue
color scheme that's going to look pretty
darn sharp in it now of course the one
remaining question is but at what cost
well believe it or not compared to other
750 watt modular power supplies
it's not outlandishly priced so it kind
of comes down to whether you want your
modular interface on the back of your
power supply the conventional way or
whether you want it running up the back
of your motherboard so that you can run
off the cables wherever the heck you
want so thanks again to seasonic for
sponsoring today's video if you guys are
looking for another video to watch they
also sponsored
the compensator pc 2020. it's supposed
to be 2019 but it took us until 2020 to
build it anyway we're gonna have that
link below